we are watching the preparations what
is the amulet truck let's say the one
accompanying we are with the hair goal
happy and happy to be in the
final straight the truck a shirt
4x4 haier
it's a 2.8 engine I had in calculate in this
case you have put a boxes this is not
sequential the subject the suspension has
828 equal port or links in the part of
back do not be car already has two the
back side
the much longer travel
in the back of the body is
has taken out and has been totally
tubular that's why we enter the category of
1.2 which is the diesel modified series
and the truck has inside elected ass
a fuel tank in 350 liters
because it does not require organization
because suddenly there are sectors where 600
kilometers we will not have
fueling
the truck let's say it's ready
an open electronics that depending
where are we going to be we are going to open
we are going to close it so that the
truck is more reliable what
we have to make the goal arrive without
problems we are going to have a lot for the
temperature in the desert then you
we put
less flow - electronics are so that
be more standard the quick part you
we put more electronic to the truck
in itself is ready and was tested in
the dakar team series or hatton
it was wheel drive the team gaston a
team are two brothers pablo and ariel
Pablo Bueno Buenos Aires Ariel lives in
Spain
pablo a friend that I met in 2004 in
August 2004 running races in
Argentina and there were friends ago
years that are preparing you changes
goals for the dakar already with his brother
They have run more than seven days
and more competitions in 2004 signature what
what is the global forest rhein in
malaysia we also get ourselves
the inscription and the round trip ticket
going to Argentina to compete that was a
qualifying in argentina that they followed
two representatives from South America one
he made in chile another one in argentina we won
Argentina
we were representing one representative
of South America was Paraguayan in this
opportunity arrives an Argentine co-pilot
well again now with Carlos we went
al dakar series
the coastal challenge that I had to
run in Paraguayan territory and
Argentine for political issues at the end
only the Argentine territory is
ran in a lot of experiences here in
copilotage theme but for both was
new what is a standard face
carchi with the jail in argentina with the
kid face where the same rules are
the same feature the same sheet
route
the same mileage and prime
link but not as hard as for example
the kite then that served a lot
for the experience of reading the
roadmap in French and part of
all the nomenclatures in French come out
had to see everything that is the gps the
iritrack the sentinel are several several
elements that one that one has inside
of the truck thing that the rally does not
auto uses it
change here will fully coordinate
indicates on a gps by watching on the
nomenclature tells you so many kilometers
I grabbed 330 degrees then you know one
that has to go northwest going 330
degrees
this tells you at kilometer 50 there
that go to grab there is one
one of the final part of the moon's
you have to go out to a dry river to descend to
a valley
you have to grab two hundred thirty
Five Grades
after 4.3 kilometers there are
that make a right that at 330 degrees
like out of the soft way
there is also a small valley
good what we were told in the
seminar - air is that the five
first ten days are very hard
then it gets a little more light to
enter Argentina and it turns to
harden entering back to chile that
It is what we learned to say in it
everything they told us in the seminar
we meet again and roma
beginning pilots
well he really told us without hairs
in the language what will be the race
the race that we are going to have we do not
what the tip teams do
it's totally different is other things
the schedules that we are going to handle are
different times the scams are
different and really we
he painted us as a very hard race
a wonderful experience and really
a lot of amazing friends because
It is an environment much less
aggressive that the environment of the rally is
much more friendly there are a lot more people
willing to help you and really a
fantastic atmosphere and the yesterday in a
truck that in the rally the littoral does not
it gave us no problem of a
Extreme reliability is hard is
reliable is fast really me
surprised and we really finished the
career without any problem